\documentclass[a4paper,12pt]{article}

\usepackage{natbib}
\usepackage{times}
\usepackage{graphicx,epsfig}
\usepackage[leftcaption]{sidecap}
\usepackage{subfigure} % figures can have sub chunks
\usepackage{geometry} % this maxes page usage, making the below unnecessary
\textwidth = 6.75in
\oddsidemargin = -0.25in
\textheight = 10in
\topmargin = -0.5in
\usepackage{fancyhdr}
\pagestyle{fancy}
\lhead{{\it J. J. Bryson }}
\chead{Wall Following LEGO Robots}
\rhead{Coursework 1}
\lfoot{}
\cfoot{\thepage}
\rfoot{}

\newcommand{\goodgap}{%
 \hspace{\subfigtopskip}%
 \hspace{\subfigbottomskip}}

\title{Coursework 1:  Wall Following with a LEGO Robot}
\author{Joanna J. Bryson}


\begin{document}
\maketitle

\section{Introduction}
All of your courseworks are designed primarily to give you experience
in developing intelligent control and/or cognitive systems.  However,
the course is also intended to give you experience and feedback in
writing about research.  To this end, you will be writing research
reports of about two pages, using exactly this format.  Submissions
should be in PDF or HTML, preferably derived from this latex format,
certainly in 12 point font.  I recommend making HTML by using latex
plus htlatex, but you can construct your report using any tool you
please.  Note that this specification is a bit over 1.5 pages long, so
your HTML report no more than 33\% longer than this.  Figures (both
drawn plans and photos) are encouraged for marks and clarity and {\em
  do not count either for or against page length}.  The 1--2 pages are
counting text only.  But remember, don't spend too much time on this
coursework!  You should spend about 19 hours total on each coursework,
about 4 of which will be writing up.  The coursework should be
uploaded to Moodle by {\bf 11pm on Friday 7 March} at the latest, but
feel free to submit it sooner.

The Introduction should give a brief description of what you have
done, and also give some idea about why you have done it (motivation).
I expect you to cite a paper or two for the research context.  For
coursework~1, one of the papers you should probably cite is
\citet{BrooksAIJ91}, since you have been asked to take a fairly
reactive approach to developing robot intelligence.

\section{Approach}

The approach describes in detail exactly what you have done.  This
section is longer, and should ideally include some experiments you set
up, for example to determine in what conditions you could get better
results from the robot.  The approach should be in sufficient detail
that another person could replicate your experiments.  You may cite
other papers here too if you are taking an approach from another
paper, or modifying it only slightly.

Courswork one is to construct a robot capable of circumnavigating
rooms or other closed spaces (don't worry about doorways -- just close
or block them.)  Ideally this should work in ``natural'' (unaltered) indoor
environments with a variety of obstacles along the walls.  To quantify
the outcomes of this coursework, you may want to think about questions
such as contrasting adding extra control algorithms vs. changing the
physical shape of the robot for increasing circuit time for the robot,
or trying different target sonar readings for maintaining a particular
distance from the wall in a variety of contexts.  For coursework one
it is quite likely that you will not have initially thought of a
hypothesis to test, but will rather just have tried to make the robot
work.  However, in your exploration (both with the robot and with the
reading) if you do find something that seems to make a difference, you
should go try to capture what that something is.  Can you describe it
exactly?  Can you replicate it with different robot configurations?
Can you quantify how much improvement you get given how much change to
some parameter on the robot?  Don't forget to consider things such as
the state of battery charge or whether you are operating in daylight
or in proximity to other sonar-using robots as possible explanations
for strange behaviour.

Please do mention who shared your robot in the approach section, and
the extent to which you worked together.  The objective here is to
learn.  How much you work together is totally up to you so long as you
each write your report independently.

\section{Results}

The results section describes the outcomes.  This should be purely
factual descriptions, including qualitative outcomes, quantitative
outcomes and possibly statistics.  For example, you could report the
average speed around a circuit in two conditions plus standard
deviations and a significance test to tell whether you have evidence
that the conditions lead to different results. {\em For coursework~1, this
must include video.}  Typically, the results section can be
surprisingly short, since the Approach section is the one giving
details, this is purely and only factual outcomes.

With respect to your own results, if you describe a reasonably-well
working system in a comprehensible manner you will pass.  If you
competently fill in all of these sections as described in this
specification, you will get at least~55.  Getting a mark over~70
requires demonstrating insight, creativity and / or understanding that
goes beyond the basics laid out for you in this document.  For
example, an insightful comment about one or more cited papers
supported by evidence from your experience might get you these extra
marks.  So might a particularly accurate and replicable account of
your approach and results.

\section{Discussion}

The discussion is the most discursive part of your paper, it {\em may}
include speculation. You should discuss the extent to which your
results addressed the questions described in your introduction, and
what the results imply about your own work and work more broadly.  You
might suggest other experimental protocols that could have given
different results and lessons learned.  This can be a longer section
as well.

\section{Conclusion}
The conclusion is just one paragraph.  After possible digressions in
the discussion, you should come back to state exactly what you tried
to do (brief summary of the introduction), what the outcome was (brief
summary of the results), and what you can certainly state as a
result of this (the implications of the results in light of the introduction.)

\bibliographystyle{apalike}
\bibliography{biblio}

\end{document}
